---
description: Use webhooks to be notified about events that happen in a Gluwa account.
---

# Webhooks

You can receive a webhook notification from Gluwa whenever a transaction associated to your account is processed \(i.e. is confirmed on the blockchain\).

To integrate Gluwa webhook to your service you need to:

1. Create a webhook endpoint and on your server
2. Register your webhook endpoint
3. Verify your address

## Step 1: Create a Webhook Endpoint

Webhook data is sent as JSON in the POST request body. The full transaction details are included and can be used directly, after parsing the JSON into an `Event` object.

{% code title="Example Webhook Notification" %}
```javascript
{
    "Data": {
        "EventType": "TransactionConfirmed",
        "Type": "Webhook",
        "ResourceID": {ID of the resource. In this case, this will be transaction hash},
        "MerchantOrderID": {Merchant OrderID if you specified MerchantOrderID field when generating QR code}
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}

### Checking the veracity of a request using X-REQUEST-SIGNATURE

 `X-REQUEST-SIGNATURE`is generated by hashing the JSON string of the request body with the webhook secret using `HMACSha256`, and afterwards encoding the result using `Base64URLSafe.` 

Te generate your `X-REQUEST-SIGNATURE`:

1. get your webhook secret from the [Gluwa Dashboard Webhooks](https://dashboard.gluwa.com/Webhook) page 
2. get the request body you received
3. run the following formula:

{% code title="Generating X-REQUEST-SIGNATURE for a Webhook" %}
```csharp
Base64UrlSafeEncode(HMACSha256({request body in JSON string}, {webhook secret}))
```
{% endcode %}

Compare the resulting value with the `X-REQUEST-SIGNATURE` header from the webhook. If identical, you can now successfully verified the signature.

Create an endpoint that would accept the webhook requests and process them according to your business logic.

## Step 2: Register your webhook endpoint

The webhook will be sent to URLs that are registered through [Gluwa Dashboard](https://dashboard.gluwa.com). Visit the page below to learn how to register your webhook endpoint.

You may use online webhook testing tools such as [Webhook.site](https://webhook.site/) to test the webhook.

{% page-ref page="../get-started/dashboard/webhooks.md" %}

## Step 3: Verify your wallet address

You will receive webhook only for the addresses you have verified. Visit the page below to learn how to verify your wallet address.

{% page-ref page="../get-started/dashboard/addresses.md" %}

